Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The DriverPass client provided student drivers training to prepare them for the DMV's driving exams so they could obtain a license. They wanted to design an online, web-based system so that students could study driving course material, take tests on the material, and schedule appointments to get driving practice with an employee. They would then be able to review feedback to improve their driving performance.

What did you do particularly well?
I think one thing I did particularly well was reading through the DriverPass interview and identifying functional and non-functional requirements needed so the client's needs could be met. I think this was especially crucial because the subsequent UML class, use case, sequence, and activity diagrams were based on the defined requirements. Additionally, using the DriverPass interview transcript, I think I was able to convert the software team's schedule into a Gantt Chart successfully. 

If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
One part of the business requirements document that I would revise would be the assumptions and limitations portions of the document. I would improve it by thinking of more specific assumptions/limitations that directly related to the DriverPass client and their system, rather than generalized assumptions such as electricity being available to the customers. Identifying these would help inform the team and the client of potential weak spots in the designed system. 

How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
The user's needs are the most important factor when designing a system. This is because the system is being designed for the user to solve a problem they are having. User's needs can most easily be identified by speaking directly with them, as shown in the DriverPass transcript. For example, the client desired security to be implemented within the software, so part of the system design specified that a user could only enter in an incorrect password 3 times before their account got locked. For other areas where the client isn't sure what they want, it is important to figure out the root problem they are facing, and then consult with the team on what the best solution would look like. 

How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
There are several approaches that can be used when designing software. First, it is important to speak with the user to understand their problem, as well as what they want the software to look like, so it addresses their needs. Then, using the requirements that get defined from these conversations, I would create a few UML diagrams, including class, activity, and sequence diagrams, so that the technical aspects of what the software should do/look like could be communicated to the development team.

